# KMALLOC Kernel Module
This is a Linux kernel module that measures the performance of the `kmalloc()` and `kfree()` functions.
### Compiling
To compile the module, use the provided Makefile by running `make`. This will build the `mod_kmalloc.ko` kernel object file.
### Usage
To use the module, first compile it as described above. Then, insert the module into the kernel using 
```
insmod mod_kmalloc.ko loop_cnt=<loop_cnt> alloc_size=<alloc_size>
```
where `<loop_cnt>` is the number of iterations to run the test and `<alloc_size>` is the size of the memory block to allocate.

To remove the module from the kernel, use 
```
rmmod mod_kmalloc
```
To insert the module with new parameters, first remove the module using 
```
rmmod mod_kmalloc
```
then insert it again with the new parameters using the `insmod` command as described above.

To view the kernel log, you can use the `dmesg` command. The log messages generated by the module will be displayed along with other kernel log messages.

### Note
The module must be run with root privileges.

Make sure to specify valid values for `loop_cnt` and `alloc_size`. If either parameter is invalid (i.e., less than or equal to 0), the module will not be loaded.

The module measures the time it takes to allocate `loop_cnt` memory blocks using `kmalloc()`. The results are printed to the kernel log.

The module also frees the memory blocks using `kfree()` when the module is removed from the kernel.

**Please note that this code is intended to be used as a reference and not copied verbatim**
